The Joe Rogan.
Experience, I would like to, to be there, to try to,
to try to bridge that gap right. Of the,
the nons skating viewer who is interested and explain to them why,
you know, why this, this nuance is gonna score way higher than this other,
even though they look the same. Mm. To you. Yeah. Um, and I've done it.
I've done. Like they had the, uh,
vans park series all last year where we went to all over the world and
went to China, Brazil, uh, Canada, France. And, um,
they built these parks that they left there, but I was doing all the,
the commentary for the events and that of us kind of where that's,
where my strengths are is,
is being able to explain those things to nons skaters. Well, that's gotta.
Be fun for you too, because it's an opportunity to sort of, you know,
proselytize, let everybody know, like, like show them how cool this is.
Put, put words to your passion, this thing. And I mean,
that's gotta really spark up the interests of new.
Skaters. I, I think that's the silver lining with the Olympics. I mean, there,
there is a lot of controversy in the hardcore skate scene where it's just like,
we're not, we don't belong in limit.
We've always done this to be anti that type of thing anyway. Yeah. And,
and then it's just like, well, you guys,
all those things that you love about skating will exist. Right.
Of course you can still go hop fences and skate the hint,
or like that's not taken away from you. If anything,
it's going to bring it to a bigger audience that that is going to be interested.
Yeah. And I believe a, a more international audience.
I think that's the really cool part about.
It. That's a thing though, man, when people,
when things start going mainstream people is panic.
Right. But that's the, the other thing is this, like,
if you think that the competition element is what is somehow sanitizing
skating we've had, I grew up skating competitions. I,
I literally entered my first contest at age 10. <laugh>.
That is the only way you got recognized when I was a kid. Like,
this is not something new you to skateboarding.
It's just that now there are different opportunities in skating and there is a
way to make a living, even if you don't compete. And so, because that exists,
people are just like, uh, Olympics are a con you know,
that's a sport competition. Like, yeah. But we already have street league.
We already have the due tour. We already have X games. Those things all exist.
So we're gonna have this other big event. Once every four years.
People always want on something that's different than what they're doing though.
Oh, sure. It.
Seems like, I mean, Hey,
I I've lived with so much ridicule my whole life that I just it's like, yeah,
sure. Whatever you say.
Well for you, I mean, you've crossed over to the other side.
That's what's in interesting. I mean, you don't even need a thick skin anymore.
Yeah. I mean, there's, there's obviously still haters.
Like you're a sell out and whatnot, but it's.
Like, do you read those comments? Don't read Twitter or anything? Do you? I, I.
Like, I, if someone's making enough noise, I'll see it. And you know,
every once in a while, I like to see what the,
what the general vibe is on something. But, um, when I grew up, like,
I think my journey allowed me to really be prepared for that because when I
was a kid, I was doing this outcast activity. Right.
So I was already not cool in school.
And then I started skating and I was like a scrawny little kid with a really
sort of what they call robotic style because I was focusing on tricks.
So I was getting made fun of in the skate world.
So I was like an outcast in this outcast activity and it was really isolating.
And at some point I was just like, I love this too,
to listen to these people and not do it, like.
Explain to me what you were getting on for, like you had a robotic style.
So basically what, in, in, when I first started getting into skating,
especially pool skating to be a pool skater,
you had to be super cool, looked like you're surfing.
It was all about your style. Right.
And it was all about like how you flow and if you're doing aerials,
it's gotta look cool. And, and I was super scrawny,
super short kid. And so all I really knew how to do was to maneuver my board.
And so I was doing these tricks where I'd like,
spin my board under my feet and do these weird sort of hand plants
and, and aerial tricks and,
and things where it just wasn't that wasn't the normal,
and it wasn't really considered the cool way to skate. And so they just,
they were like, there's, they call me a circus circus skater.
<laugh> they're like, oh, there's Tony with the circus tricks. Oh, wow.
And then at some point I just like,
I loved what I was doing and I didn't really listen to it. And then I got,
I got more confident and I got stronger. And then I started doing this stuff,
like way up high in the air.
And then it was sort of undeniable that it was like, oh, well that,
that is something.
So was there pressure for you to change your style and sort of blend in?
I, I just didn't have, I didn't have the, the bulk to be able to do it anyway.
So the physical bulk. Yeah. Like I just have that weight behind me.
And so what I did was when back then,
in order to do aerials outta pools, you had to like reach down,
grab your board and sort of muscle it into the air and, and above the coping.
And I learned how to launch into the air without grabbing my board and then
grabbing it at the peak. And that allowed me to get the height when I,
I was still really scrawny and weak.
And they said that technique was cheating.
Like they literally wrote that in Thra your magazine. It's just like, well,
Tony Hawk cheats, cuz he alwayss into his air.
And that way he can just grab it wherever. And I was just like, yes,
that's exactly it. That's what I'm trying to do. That's so weird.
That's so weird. So they would you on like, that's so crazy,
here's this invented thing, right, right.
This art form and then you are doing it your way and they're saying you're
cheating. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't, it just,
it was just like this old guard in skating and they just,
they didn't like to see anything new or, or sort of fringe.
And then I started doing that. And then,
and then a lot of my peers who were my age,
they all figured that same technique out.
And then we just kind of took over <laugh> you know,
that became the way to skate. And um, but, but then through years,
like in those days, you know, skating was still very much a novelty.
And then in the nineties, like X games came into play and then all of a sudden,
my name was, was being well was well known, not mainstream, but,
but getting there. And then our video game came out and then it was just like,
oh, you're just a sellout. Wow. And it was like because of the video game,
because the video game, the endorsements that, that followed from that,
you know, I was doing stuff for Jeep, for McDonald's for Doritos.
And they were just like, oh, you're just a sell.
I was like it when I turned pro at age 14,
if McDonald's had asked me to be a commercial, I would've jumped on it.
Are you kidding me? Like I was eating McDonald's my whole life.
I still do <laugh> so it, it,
it was more like they thought somehow I changed my values and was just like, I,
I haven't changed my value system.
It's just that I'm getting these opportunities finally.
And I've been doing this for most of my life.
For the most part. It's getting opportunities that they're not. So the,
the best way to dismiss that or diminish it is to say that you're a seller out,
cuz you're on a video game. Like that's so short sided.
Sure. But, but you know, but, but so what I'm saying is that just sort of,
that sort of steeled my resolve where,
so once social media came into play and people were talking online, I was like,
you're not getting to me, <laugh> through this,
you know this through this media, right. People to say this to my face,
used to write about this, this write about me in magazines.
Like you're hiding behind your Twitter username. I don't care. When you.
First saw someone say that you were cheating by using that technique,
how bad that must have sucked.
Up. Yeah. And it was from a, it was from a,
a skater that I really respected too.
Like he was quoted in the magazine and that was, it was crushing. Wow.
That's such a approach. <laugh> you know, cheating.
Like that's so weird to me cause I never would've. I guess it makes sense.
Cuz there's always factions in any discipline or any art form or anything where
some people respect some things and other people on it. And,
but the idea that you doing it your way would some how or no they'd be cheating
to me. It seems so strange that doesn't make any sense.
Like I said, it, it was,
it was just weird because skating was such a small community at the time and it
was, it was like, why are you like, why are we fighting,
fighting right in our little tiny world.
That's always gonna be that way. Yeah. That's just humans,
especially when you're doing something different.
Especially if you're getting attention, doing something different,
they're gonna find some way to diminish you. Yeah. It was.
Just, it was,
it was harder for me because all I wanted to be was accepted as a skater.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
I kind of given up on my peers and my school mates.
I knew I wasn't gonna fit in there. And so I was like,
I found this thing and then just like you guys don't like me the way I do it
rough.
But look, you hung in there and came out on the other end.
Yeah. And I don't, I don't Harbor any elbow, you know what I mean?
A lot of people are like, oh, you should go back to school, like go to your,
you. And I was like, I don't,
it's not some revenge for me. I just loved.
I'm just so thankful that I still get to do this for a living.
Like this is seriously living the dream. Like I get to do this for a living.
I get to come on your show because I'm a skateboarder.
Like the stuff that I've gotten to do over my life is beyond any dream I could
have ever written or imagined. And it's all because I just kept skating.
That is.
The American dream to me, for the worldwide dream, the human dream. Absolutely.
To be able to do what you want for a living and to continue doing it. Yeah.
And to support your family and to, you know, it's.
Crazy the kind of stuff that yeah. That we've gotten to do,
especially as a family, like kind of trips we've taken and people we've met for.
Skating. Yeah. For skating. That's crazy. That's amazing.
Do you still talk to that guy with on you back then?
Do you know who that guy is? I mean, do.
You know him? I think he, he fell on some hard times. I don't. Yeah.
That's how it usually goes with haters. Yeah. Sorry.